{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1348\cocoasubrtf170
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fmodern\fcharset0 Courier;\f2\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red67\green66\blue71;\red38\green38\blue38;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Stanford Medicine X - patients as equal partners in research\
\
Background / Intro:\
\pard\pardeftab720

\f1\fs26 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
Medicine X is designed by patients, researchers, clinicians, technologists and designers. We all work together to bring you hard conversations in this amazing setting. \
\
This year, we're thinking about precision medicine through the MedX lens. What would research look like if it was MedX'ified? \
\uc0\u8203 \
How might we value patients as equal partners in research? \
\
To help us understand research better, we\'92d like to hear from you. \
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 Questions\
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural
\cf0 1. 
\f2\fs28 \cf3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
First, what does research mean to you? \
\
2. How do you think research can be improved \'97 from the process to the final product?\
\
3. How could researchers provide value to patients/participants while collecting their data?\
\
4. How could patients be better included in research?\
\
5. Is there anything else you'd like to share?\
\
\pard\pardeftab720

\f1\fs26 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Thank you so much for taking the time to talk to me. We\'92re grateful for your insight! \
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 Interviewing tips:\
\
\pard\tx220\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\li720\fi-720\pardirnatural
\ls1\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}Get comfortable and invite your interviewee to do the same. Make this a conversation! \
{\listtext	\'95	}Introduce yourself and the what we\'92re doing. There\'92s some sample copy above to help. \
{\listtext	\'95	}Ask open ended questions \
{\listtext	\'95	}Ask \'91why\'92 as often as possible \
{\listtext	\'95	}Listen to things which surprise you\
{\listtext	\'95	}Make notes about body language too - when does someone smile or lean in?\
}